## Reflection Questions

1.	In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? What are the benefits of OOP?

 - Object Oriented Programming is the abstraction of data and methods into classes (at least, they're called classes in Python). 
 The benefits of OOP lie in the ability to use defined classes and their methods to create many similar objects and execute code on those objects.  

2.	What are objects and classes in Python? Come up with a real-world example to illustrate how objects and classes work.

 - Objects in Python are just about anything within the shell, a number, a string, even complex data types like lists and tuples, they are all objects.
 To provide an example, Animals as a class in Python. Animal would be a class with something like an optional name and an age. An example of an Animal-class object would be 
 ```
     Animal:
     Name: None
     Age: 3
```

3.	In your own words, write brief explanations of the following OOP concepts; 100 to 200 words per method is fine. 

 - Inheritance: Inheritance is the manner in which classes can take initialized attributes and defined methods from other classes. For example say you had a class called Animal, which had the attributes of Name and Age.
 If you wanted to add a moer detailed class based on a specific type of animal, you could create one called Snake. The inheritance in Python is simple, it looks like this
 ```
 class Snake(Animal):
 ```
 This way, the class of Snake will already have a Name and Age attribute, and the definitions in the class of Snake will not extend back "upwards" to the Animal class.
 
 - Polymorphism: Polymorphism is when a method of the same name is assigned to many classes, but it does something different for each of them. For example, say you had a class called Snake, and another called Boar.
 If you gave each of these a method called "speak", you could have them do different things. Snake would "speak" a print statement that says "Sssss" while Boar would "speak" a different statement that says "Snuffle".
 This goes beyond different print statements, a more varied example is the '+' operator on integers and strings. With integers, '+' will find the sum of the integers and return it, while with strings, '+' will concatenate them and return that.
  
 - Operator Overloading: Operator overloading is when you include a method inside of a class that defines how that class interacts with the symbol operators in Python. These are things like '+', '-', '*', and '/', and many more as well.
 This is done by including two underscores on either side of the name of the operator, like this 
 ```
 __add__
 ```
.
 This way, you can decide how the operators interact with a defined class, for example, a class that stores heights in feet and inches can have the '__add__' method inside overloaded to convert the feet to inches and add the total hight of an individual in inches to another, before reducing it back into feet and returning the end sum.
