## Reflection Questions

1.	Why is file storage important when you’re using Python? What would happen if you didn’t store local files?

File storage is important in Python because the shell clears itself after it is closed, this means that if you didn't store data in files, you would have to just leave the shell open or lose all your important data.

2.	In this Exercise you learned about the pickling process with the pickle.dump() method. What are pickles? In which situations would you choose to use pickles and why?

Pickles are a way of converting data to and from a binary file. They are used to store complex data types like dictionaries, tuples, or lists. I would use a pickle any time I need to access a list of data from another file.
I don't mean list as exclusively the list data type, as tuples or dictionaries can resemble a "list" of sorts on their own.

3.	In Python, what function do you use to find out which directory you’re currently in? What if you wanted to change your current working directory?

```os.getcwd()``` shows you what directory you are working in. You can change directory with ```os.chdir()```.

4.	Imagine you’re working on a Python script and are worried there may be an error in a block of code. How would you approach the situation to prevent the entire script from terminating due to an error?

By including a try-except block in the script, I can catch errors and respond to them without having the code terminate itself. I can even include specific error names to catch and handle specific errors. 

5.	You’re now more than halfway through Achievement 1! Take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far. How is it going? What’s something you’re proud of so far? Is there something you’re struggling with? What do you need more practice with? Feel free to use these notes to guide your next mentor call. 

 - How is it going? So far I have been able to keep a good working pace with my learning, and I've learned a lot about Python, its data types and its operations. 
 - What’s something you’re proud of so far? In my last course, I started to fall behind once I got close to the end, but right now I'm proud of being able to keep up with my assignments.
 - Is there something you’re struggling with? Not really, every time I run into an issue I can return to my course work to find the answer I need.
 - What do you need more practice with? Sometimes when I am given intructions for writing code, I'm not sure of the formatting. This is usually helped by just writing what I can and the intended methods usually reveal themselves.
