1. Explain how you can use CSS and JavaScript in your Django web application.

A developer can use css and js in their apps by adding them into the template html pages. When loading these files through the static folder, theyact exactly like css and js inplementations in html.

2. In your own words, explain the steps you’d need to take to deploy your Django web application.

First of all, a developer would need to upload their local code to Github with a proper .gitignore file. After that, a developer would add a Procfile to their code for when they upload their code. The developer then needs to install some packages, Gunicorn, dj-database-url, whitenoise , and psycopg2. The developer can then configure settings.py, adding settings for uploading to heroku. A developer must then use `pip freeze > requirements.txt` in the terminal to get a list of requirements to run the page, this is also necessary for uploading to heroku. Install heroku and use `heroku create` in the terminal and then use `git push heroku main` to upload the files. After that, the files will need to be migrated through heroku's terminal, and from there, the page is online.

4. You’ve now finished Achievement 2 and, with it, the whole course! Take a moment to reflect on your learning:
   a. What went well during this Achievement?

   I was able to keep up a good pace with my assignments and I am finishing this very one a week early.

   b. What’s something you’re proud of?

   I am proud of my ability to learn and adjust to Python after so long not using it. I mentioned in an earlier journal I took a course on Python in high school, but after then I never used it. I'm glad I was able to readjust to Python after having been using Javascript for so long.

   c. What was the most challenging aspect of this Achievement?

   As with many other achievements, the most challenging aspect was getting the site ready to upload. There were some features that needed to be added, as well as some visual additions to the site.

   d. Did this Achievement meet your expectations? Did it give you the confidence to start working with your new Django skills?

   I would say yes, I feel like I understand enough Django to make another website if I needed to.
