## Reflection Questions

1.	What is an Object Relational Mapper and what are the advantages of using one?

An Object Relational Mapper is a tool that converts tables in an SQL database into Python classes and objects so they can be used without needing a full understanding of SQL commands or syntax. 
ORMs save a lot of time writing code instead of spending it learning how a new DBMS works.

2.	By this point, you’ve finished creating your Recipe app. How did it go? What’s something in the app that you did well with? If you were to start over, what’s something about your app that you would change or improve?

It was easier than I thought. With these exercises, I've basically coded all of the logic for this app before, the only new part was using the SQLalchemy ORM instead of regular SQL queries, but the point of an ORM is to be easier on developers, so it wasn't a big challenge.
I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the instructions for writing the list of ingredients, because it's what I had been doing in the past exercises. So I guess I did well with that particular part of working logic.
If I were to start over, I'm not sure I would change anything, the app works well enough, and I was only able to make it this way because of the earlier exercises being structured as they were.

3.	Imagine you’re at a job interview. You’re asked what experience you have creating an app using Python. Taking your work for this Achievement as an example, draft how you would respond to this question.

I once created an app in Python for storing and editing recipes. While that sounds very simple, I made many different veriosn of it, such as using local binary storage, SQL databases, and even writing the recipes out in plain text.
I also interacted with dictionaries and class structuring for the recipes themselves, and the app also included the methods to search for recipes by their ingredients and methods for editing relevant information. 
The app is simple, but I had a good run-through of Python technologies and methods while creating it.
 
4.	You’ve finished Achievement 1! Before moving on to Achievement 2, take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far:

  a.	What went well during this Achievement? 

  I was able to keep the pace with my assignments, and in doing that the information clicked with me really well.

  b.	What’s something you’re proud of? 

  I am proud of how much I have learned during this achievement, when I started I only had my high school electives of knowledge of Python, but now I feel like I understand its building blocks really well.

  c.	What was the most challenging aspect of this Achievement? 

  Learning the code that reads and writes binary code was a bit of a challenge, mostly because I kept forgetting the syntax and needing to look back at my previous code to remember how to write it.
  
  d.	Did this Achievement meet your expectations? Did it give you the confidence to start working with your new Python skills?

  This Achievement exceeded my expectations, I had thought it would be review of things I already knew, but I was learning new things by Exercise 3.
  I am quite confident in working with my new Python skills.
  
  e.	What’s something you want to keep in mind to help you do your best in Achievement 2?

  The assignments make more sense when you do them close together, if I take a break in between exercises, I might lose track of what I've learned so far.
  
