## Reflection Questions

1.	What are databases and what are the advantages of using them?

A database is a version of storage that keeps data in a standardized format so it can be stored and accessed easily. When you create a database, you can include a password to keep it secure. 
Databases also have a "universally acceptable format" which allows them to be accessed with many different applications, instead of just Python.

2.	List 3 data types that can be used in MySQL and describe them briefly:

 - VARCHAR(n): A string of variable length, the maximum defined by n.
 - DATETIME: A value that stores dates and times, which can be altered to show the date, the time, the date and time, or just a year.
 - FLOAT: Floating point decimal numbers, the same as in Python.

3.	 In what situations would SQLite be a better choice than MySQL?

Sometimes a developer may wish to use a simple database like an email storage, or, in other cases, they may wish to test a database wihtout setting up the entire engine.
SQLite stores data in small, simple, .db files which can be accessed and modified directly from within Python.

4.	Think back to what you learned in the Immersion course. What do you think about the differences between JavaScript and Python as programming languages?

As programming languages alone, that is, not to say anything about the available resources for JS or Python, I believe I prefer Javascript due to both my personal experience with it, and its bracket system.
By "bracket system" I mean how Javascript will use different kinds of brackets across multiple lines to signify what code belongs where.
Python's indentation system does something similar, but I've grown accustomed to the Javascript system, and often catch myself adding semicolons and brackets in lines whwere they are not needed.

5.	Now that you’re nearly at the end of Achievement 1, consider what you know about Python so far. What would you say are the limitations of Python as a programming language?

Python is limited by its thesis of simplicity, it is very close to plain English, which makes it easy to read to one unaccustomed to coding, but seems like it lacks depth for one who has experience in the field.
Python feels too simple in comparison to the other languages I've coded with in the past. Since Python is a high level language, it tends to run a little slower than others. 
As an example, recipe_mysql.py is only 118 lines, but has a notable load time for such a small file. Part of this is that it is using MySQL, but this is notable in other projects that use Python.
