1.	Imagine you’re having a conversation with a future colleague about whether to use the iPython Shell instead of Python’s default shell. What reasons would you give to explain the benefits of using the iPython Shell over the default one?

The iPython shell is generally more user-friendly than the regular Python shell, it denotes which input and output lines you're on, it color-codes text for you, and it executes code and shows its response as you input it. It basically does all the same stuff but easier to read.

2.	Python has a host of different data types that allow you to store and organize information. List 4 examples of data types that Python recognizes, briefly define them, and indicate whether they are scalar or non-scalar.

 1. int: Integer, used for all whole numbers from zero to infinity, including negatives, only limited by system memory. Scalar.
 2. float: Floating Point, holds positive and negative numbers from 10^308 to 10^-308, numbers beyond that are rounded to infinity or zero. Scalar.
 3. strings: An immutable array of characters, can be alphanumeric and symbols. Every element in a string is itself a single string. Non-scalar. 
 4. tuples: Linear array that stores many values of any type. Tuples are harder to modify than lists or dictionaries. Non-Scalar.

3.	A frequent question at job interviews for Python developers is: what is the difference between lists and tuples in Python? Write down how you would respond.

In my mind the biggest difference between lists and tuples is that tuples are immutable and lists are not. Otherwise, they share many functions with each other.

4.	In the task for this Exercise, you decided what you thought was the most suitable data structure for storing all the information for a recipe. Now, imagine you’re creating a language-learning app that helps users memorize vocabulary through flashcards. Users can input vocabulary words, definitions, and their category (noun, verb, etc.) into the flashcards. They can then quiz themselves by flipping through the flashcards. Think about the necessary data types and what would be the most suitable data structure for this language-learning app. Between tuples, lists, and dictionaries, which would you choose? Think about their respective advantages and limitations, and where flexibility might be useful if you were to continue developing the language-learning app beyond vocabulary memorization. 

I would use dictionaries for the main data structure in this app. Dictionaries and their key-value pair system would work best for vocabulary cards in my opinion. A card could be a dictionary on its own formatted as such, 
```{'word': 'run', 'definition': 'To move swiftly on foot so that both or all feet are not on the ground during each stride.', 'category': 'verb'}```.
And with this format, all of the information about a word will be stored in the same place.
